---
created: 2022-05-17T21:21:47-04:00
modified: 2022-06-08T13:07:32-04:00
---

# Nixos

Last install had lots of trouble. 
Trying to stop zsh with home manager is a nightmare. 
Don't seem to support everything. 
Hard to get example configuration. 
Reference type info only
Trying to get zsh to work with emacs is a problem. 
Basic setup is OK, but anything advanced is a problem. Lots of reference, but no examples on how to use different options.
Works good but a lot of trouble to use. 
Sbcl works fine with spacemacs but not with doom emacs, for example. 
A lot of trouble for my use case.

Reinstalled to 22.05. Coming out in a couple days. Did not go well. Some config options changed,  deprecated.  XFCE did not install correctly. Parts missing. Only a couple panel plugins. Panels pretty much empty.  Other parts didn't work. Something definitely doesn't install right.

They are switching from old ui to new and some of it is not very good. Nix search doesn't work out of the box anymore. Have to turn on experimental features to do anything. That switches you to unstable branch.  

Switch back to Fedora Silverblue even though I don't like gnome desktop.  Use parts of ublue repo. Fedora base with archlinux vm.

Hard to get stuff working. Tried to setup home manager with home directory a couple times and it don't work.  No examples showing how to setup stuff in the docs.

Can't get dropbox setup. Won't install using command line from Dropbox site. Installing nixos package works but dropbox tells me it's an old version. 

Some versions of software are old. No maintainers probably. Newer versions are hard to install.  Also, tried to install Joplin and it wouldn't work. Won't open links on Firefox.
