- [[Udemy/JS]]
	- Udemy online course
	  The Complete Javascript Course 2022: From Zero to Expert
	  by Jonas Schmedtmann
		- ### Section 2-8:
			- #### What is Javascript
				- * Javascript is a high-level, object oriented, mulit-paradigm programming language.
			- #### What is Javascript used for
				- Three core elements of web programming are: HTML, CSS, and JS.
				- HTML is responsible for content on a page: buttons, images, and text, etc is always written in html.
				- CSS is responsible for the presentation of the content. Styling, layout, coloring of the content.
				- JS is the real programming language of the web.  Allow dynamic and interactive elements on web pages.
				- JS can also manipulate the content and CSS, load data from remote servers, and create applications on the internet.
				- Similar to nouns, verbs, and adjectives in english.  Html is the nouns or the objects.  CSS is the adjective that describes the noun and JS is the verb that takes action.
			- Javascript frameworks like Angular, View, and React make programming easier, but learn Java before using them.
			- Frameworks might disappear when the next one comes along, but they are all based on javascript.
			- Backend Applications: Nodejs allows you to write applications outside of a browser in a backend web server.  These apps generally use databases and other things.
			- Front-end Applications: Developing javascript in a browser is know as front-end applications.
			- This course is mainly about front-end development.
			- Javascript can also be used for mobile apps with tools like React Native and Ionic and Desktop apps with Electron.
			- Updates:  There was a very large update to JS in 2015.  It is known as ES2015 or mostly as ES6.  ES stands for ECMAScript.
			- ES2015/ES6 and on are known as Modern Javascript.
		- ### Section 2-9
			- alert('Javascript is great');   - sends output to popup window on webpage
			- 40+23+8-10;   - doesn't appear on webpage or in developer console in browser. Have to explicitly tell javascript to send results to console.
			- console.log(40+23+8-10);   - sends result to browser console
			-